Doc 220 creating nodes (#867)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/creating-nodes/build/reference/node-base-files.md

```js
description: INodeTypeDescription = {
  // Other node info here
  requestDefaults: {
			baseURL: 'https://api.nasa.gov',
			url: '',
			headers: {
				Accept: 'application/json',
				'Content-Type': 'application/json',
			},
		},
    properties: [
      // Resources here
      {
        displayName: 'Operation'
        // Other operation details
        options: [
          {
            name: 'Get'
            value: 'get',
            description: '',
            routing: {
              request: {
                method: 'GET',
                url: '/planetary/apod'
              }
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
}
```

<!--

TODO: more info on the routing object
### routing.output

### routing.request

### routing.send

-->

### version

_Number_ or _array_ | Optional

If you have one version of your node, this can be a number. If you want to support more than one version, turn this into an array, containing numbers for each node version.

> n8n support two methods of node versioning, but declarative-style nodes must use the light versioning approach. Refer to [Node versioning](/integrations/creating-nodes/plan/node-versioning/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n8n support two methods of node versioning, but declarative-style nodes must use the light versioning approach. Refer to [Node versioning](/integrations/creating-nodes/build/reference/node-versioning/) for more information.
```

```js
	methods = {
		loadOptions: {
			// Get all the labels and display them
			async getLabels(
				this: ILoadOptionsFunctions,
			): Promise<INodePropertyOptions[]> {
				const returnData: INodePropertyOptions[] = [];
				const labels = await googleApiRequestAllItems.call(
					this,
					'labels',
					'GET',
					'/gmail/v1/users/me/labels',
				);
				for (const label of labels) {
					const labelName = label.name;
					const labelId = label.id;
					returnData.push({
						name: labelName,
						value: labelId,
					});
				}
				return returnData;
			},
		},
	};
```

### version

_Number_ or _array_ | _Optional_

Use `version` when using the light versioning approach.

If you have one version of your node, this can be a number. If you want to support multiple versions, turn this into an array, containing numbers for each node version.

n8n support two methods of node versioning. Programmatic-style nodes can use either. Refer to [Node versioning](/integrations/creating-nodes/build/reference/node-versioning/) for more information.

## Programmatic-style: The execute() method

> The main difference between the declarative and programmatic styles is how they handle incoming data and build API requests. The programmatic style requires an `execute()` method, which reads incoming data and parameters, then builds a request. The declarative style handles this using the `routing` key in the `operations` object.

Author: Updated but slightly differently. Thanks.
